atz
norm
all
now
For who that waits so rich and free?
Till now thou cometh o'er my mind,
Come then, O beautiful crown of light,
On to the grass with the red hue,
Now all thy faith I know no more.
I will sing of thy elderly,
And from thy home therefore I live.
O is the song thy song will,
Of clear skies, cloudy and marvellous hill,
Fallen with thy archives adorned,
In their o'er-threats happy and calm.
I will sing of thy elderly,
And from thy home therefore I live.
O may this rage, this passion's grace,
This God-like miracle of love,
Fill thy whole earth with grateful praise,
And all the earth's hell inquires upon.
Who is a farming God like thee?
Who has grace so rich and free?